So, we just talked to you guys about IP or
Internet Protocol and that will tie in
heavily to packet-switched networks, which
is what we're gonna talk about right now.
>> Yeah, essentially we're taking what
is adapting the old school telephony
circuit-switched networks, and now we're
gonna talk about packet-switched networks.
>> Yeah, so, basically it's just a giant
network and how the data gets sent
between devices or systems or whatever-
>> Networks.
>> Yeah, between the networks,
are packets.
And we just talked about packets
in the previous section.
So, packets, also known as
datagrams are just pieces of data
that need to be sent from somewhere to
somewhere else for the communication.
And so the packet contains a header,
which is the destination, and
then the payload,
which is the message or the data.
And so normally, packets travel
through channels between nodes.
They don't actually travel directly
from say here, if I was trying to
send something to Robert, it might not
actually get sent directly to Robert.
Maybe this close it would.
But pretend we're like 100 miles away.
It probably wouldn't get sent that way.
>> It's gonna bounce all over the place.
>> And say onto my computer and
then onto a different network and
onto a different and just bunny hop
all the way until it reaches Robert.
Because it has the header which
contains a destination, right?
>> Yeah,
I think we actually have a slide for that,
let's just go to the slide first actually,
how about that?
So, you kinda see there
what he was talking about.
You've all these different packets and
they know where they need to go,
host 1 host 2, they need to get there.
But they all might not take the same
path so eventually you'll have all
the stuff you need, but probably not the-
>> Sometimes there's more complicated
things like a buffer where
it has to account for
jitter and make sure everything is
arriving in the same time because
not all your packets
will take the same route.
That could be a problem if you're trying
to make sure this packet receives, or
gets there first.
>> Yeah, and this image is actually pulled
off Wikipedia too, so you can go ahead and
check it out over there.
Search packet-switched networks, I think.
Something like that.
And you'll be able to
see this a little bit.
>> [LAUGH]
>> More of an explanation.
So, we kind of skipped this slide,
I'm going back to it.
But I just wanted to include this in here
because I thought it was really cool,
really interesting since
we're talking about VoiP.
It kind of breaks down everything,
I guess on a very high level, as to all
these things that we kind of have been or
are going to talk about when it
comes to what we're working with.
And on the left side,
you can see you, right?
So, you have all these different
types of devices that you can use
to access the network, right,
or send or receive information.
On the top, you just have your
regular analog telephone.
Old school regular telephone.
I think what is it in the next module?
The next module,
we're gonna talk about ATA,
these different devices,
different ways to access your VoIP.
Well, you can kinda see that there,
for your analog telephone,
you need this ATA which is
an analog to digital converter.
And then that'll get you
over to your router and
then your router will you to the Internet
and then it has to go through the PSTN,
which is the public
switched telephone network.
So, I would recommend pausing this and
checking it out because it has everything.
It has your analog phone, your VoIP phone-
>> Computer.
>> Software, which would just
be like computer to computer.
Skype, for example, or
Linphone which we're gonna use later.
And then it just has
mobile phones right here.
So, it has everything on here.
Take a look at it.
And we might have to
actually include this in it.
Put this slide later on, too.
Cool, yeah, hope you enjoyed it and
see you in the next video.